there's a corner of Georgia being torn
to pieces by wild hog but they've picked
the wrong patch soldiers
hog is lean tender and bursting with
flavor to give me the chance of tasting
some delicious prime Kutz from the wild
I'm joining the army special task force
under the command of major Bobby toon
gonna see now how difficult are these
hogs big fast furious very fast and
delicious they're very yeah they taste
very good freeport can't beat it Charles
is a catchin one the chances of us
seeing one and encountering picks
tomorrow I would say it's probably 80 to
85% the chances of you being able to
close the deal are you calling this
shitshow I'm just saying that's why
we're here tonight to make sure and
everything goes proper absolutely to
keep the hog population down there's a
forty dollar reward for any shot on the
base I'll be aiming for mine with a
powerful long-range rifle yes settle
your crosshairs
yeah exhale so difficult yep that's a
money shot
you see it yeah bang guns are used for
protection and to kill any hogs in traps
but there were alien to me and it showed
tomorrow morning yeah we'll stick with
the long rifle yeah definitely sold the
pistol
we started our search the following day
at 6:00 a.m. as go hunt for pig the
first lesson was how to track the pigs
through the forest is that this is pigs
get right there pig [ __ ] I'm trying to
use the biological name but you're
correct sir
that would be [ __ ] it's the hop damage
here that's led to the Army's decision
to kill them in order to stop the
numbers from spiraling out of control
you can see where the pigs they dig in
the sand how many time there's been
almost like a bomb it's like a forehead
yes I can't believe how much damage they
caused it they eat all the nutrients to
eat all the bugs eat all the roots and
all the tubers out of the ground having
walked four kilometers it was getting
harder to keep a sense of direction but
signs of a pig trail kept a confidence
high you see this this these places
where there's mud yeah that's from a pig
not smart I mean how smell Pig and the
pigs came across this Creek and you can
smell that yeah so that's it sauce
coming against the tree I was gonna tell
you that but you're correct yes yeah
that's the pigs yeah derriere rubbing
it's a tree two hours in and still
nothing the Hogs always seen one step
ahead but then
but they were too quick for a camera and
the sights of my rifle walk out
there's a pig inside there right yeah
christ almighty
a hog caught by one of major toons traps
was in the road ahead I haven't got to
be looking at it but yeah he's a he's a
big pig he does not look happy
nope we'll just shoot him and then we'll
have to move back to the truck get the
truck load him up and then go through
the whole process of preparing him to
eat when we get to the cage and that pig
gets out of the cage our drill will be
we'll just jump up on top of the cage
trapping is a harsh reality but a clean
shot close-up will ensure a humane kill
and the Hogs meat won't be spoiled by
any stray bullets twice the size of it
this is [ __ ] nerve-wracking haina a
pig's natural instinct is to charge you
but we just got to stay calm Jesus
Christ
having dispatched the pig we need to
clean it down in the creek before I
learn for the first time how to butcher
it in the wild open him up more to get
his internal organs out so you can
actually start right there it's piping
hot though you're doing terrific try to
keep blade up so that we don't yeah
puncture this that's the blood that's
his bladder and we don't want that thing
to pot so we didn't taint any of the
meat that's right and this here for his
organs
with the innards out we hind the Hawks
carcass from a tree to skin it you know
what you have in your hand right there
Gordon mmm that's uh that's one of his
testicles
right here yeah that's a delicacy with a
lot of folks really Mountain oyster so
they cool yeah got the skin is so tough
yeah it is it takes 30 minutes of
careful cuts to remove the skin from the
fat that's my bullet can I have that
back that did it that way and with the
skin off it becomes recognizable you did
it as a mountain of amazing cuts of meat
shoulder that's Phillip chefs delight
I'm amazed how dark it is
next the tenderloin and the Hogs ribs
the ribs one of the cheapest but one of
the most delicious
here's the hands good work great work
two hands two loins two ribs two
shoulders we just need to find some
hungry people now yeah somebody wants to
eat some ham that's something we differ
on this campanella' won't be right hog
shot hung skinned butchered the ribs the
loin and it's amazing that will fill it
here I'm punching the ribs in a fragrant
stock onions cloves garlic and chili a
really nice color a large tablespoon of
tomato puree as that cooks starts to
tenderize the ribs boil for 20 minutes
this is the loin that is the rolls-royce
of a hog that's the little philip tender
delicious he's actually that raw having
removed the skin slice the tenderloin
and the fill it into medallions
I'm making a marinade for the meat with
olive oil salt pepper lime juice and
chili powder the marinade will tenderize
the hog to me like eating butter next to
barbecue sauce for the ribs
start off by the onion and add molasses
mass is a really nice sort of dark sugar
syrup I give the body to the barbecue
sauce a couple of tablespoons of mustard
chili sauces and cider vinegar when you
sat down not too rich without there is
the right consistency rush the meat with
the barbecue sauce then grill literally
3540 seconds on the line one hour two
minutes on the ribs
whilst the meat rests a coleslaw not too
much mayonnaise nothing worse than a
cold spot you can't identify what's in
here grain mustard coleslaw a nice slice
of loin couple of beautiful ribs through
that most amazing hog grips with a
barbecue Lauren already now some hungry
tummies where are you guys are we good
we're gonna dig in dig it very good very
good very good as I say in the UK put
more pork on your fork
yeah outstanding we could get
hypothermia if we stay down too long so
we've got to be quick but that's easier
said than done